[FLINK-24758][Connectors / FileSystem]  filesystem sink: add partitiontime-extractor.formatter-pattern to allow user to speify DateTimeFormatter (#17749)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/connectors/table/filesystem.md

        <td><h5>partition.time-extractor.kind</h5></td>
        <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">default</td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Time extractor to extract time from partition values. Support default and custom. For default, can configure timestamp pattern\formatter. For custom, should configure extractor class.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><h5>partition.time-extractor.class</h5></td>
        <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">(none)</td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>The extractor class for implement PartitionTimeExtractor interface.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><h5>partition.time-extractor.timestamp-formatter</h5></td>
        <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">yyyy-MM-dd&nbsp;HH:mm:ss</td>
        <td>String</td>

>         <td>It can combine with 'partition.time-extractor.timestamp-patter', creates a formatter using the specified value. Supports multiple partition fields like '$year-$month-$day $hour:00:00'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>The formatter that formats the partition timestamp string value to timestamp, the partition timestamp string value is expressed by 'partition.time-extractor.timestamp-pattern'. For example, the partition timestamp is extracted from multiple partition fields, say 'year', 'month' and 'day', you can configure 'partition.time-extractor.timestamp-pattern' to '$year$month$day', and configure `partition.time-extractor.timestamp-formatter` to 'yyyyMMdd'. By default the formatter is 'yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss'.
```

Reviewer: And we can put this option under  `partition.time-extractor.timestamp-pattern`

Author: done

        <td>String</td>
        <td>The extractor class for implement PartitionTimeExtractor interface.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><h5>partition.time-extractor.formatter-pattern</h5></td>
        <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">yyyy-MM-dd&nbsp;HH:mm:ss</td>
        <td>String</td>

>         <td>When 'partition.time-extractor.kind' is set to 'default', you can specify a formatter pattern to get a timestamp from partitions. <br>By default, the format is 'yyyy-MM-dd&nbsp;HH:mm:ss'.

Reviewer: how about the name `timestamp-formatter` which has default value 'yyyy-MM-dd&nbsp;HH:mm:ss', and it can combine with `partition.time-extractor.timestamp-patter`, and it also should supports multiple partition fields like ```$year$month$day```.

Author: > And it can combine with partition.time-extractor.timestamp-patter, and it also should supports multiple partition fields like $year$month$day.

Is the above part of the description?

            <br>Examples as follows:
            <br>'yyyy-MM-dd' -> '2018-07-14'
            <br>'dd-MMM-yyyy' -> '14-Jul-2018'
            <br>'E, MMM dd yyyy' -> 'Sat, Jul 14 2018'

>             <br>More details: https://www.w3.org/QA/Tips/iso-date</td>

Reviewer: The timestamp-formatter is compatible with Java's [DateTimeFormatter](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/index.html).
